Introduce the gc log
show the CMS analyzed by itself, showing the SIMPLICITY of the interface.


-> We can analayze specific metrics of the gc during runtime. Collected is the pause time, concurrent time, and other metrics on the
max event durations, sum of event durations, number of event durations, 

The CMS log generated is from a Cassandra workload for a database.

Phase 1: First, 3 million write  requests are written to the database.
        Then,   3 million read   requests are written to the database. 

Phase 2: 3 million read requests at 25k requests per second are made.

A hypothetical user may be currently using CMS in JDK11, and would like to switch to JDK16 for their JVM.
However, CMS gc is not supported in JDK16, so they will have to choose between one of the available collectors:

ZGC, SHENANDOAH, G1, PARALLEL GC :

Parallel & G1 attempt to optimize for best throughput, while
ZGC and Shenandoah attempt to optimize for the minimum pauses.

Here, we are going to plot the throughput for both phases of the cassandra workload, and then 

TODO LIST:
0) Explain tool, self introduction, explain use case. (30 seconds )

1) Full Analysis with CMS collector (2 minutes)

2) Explain the use of the cassandra workload, the throughput metrics, and what we are trying to optimize for. Use a T chart. (1 minute)

3) Explain the data in the cassandra workload, and explain the throughput goal. Arbitrarily declare that it is desired to minimize for the rate limited latency. (45 seconds)

4) Explain how it is helpful to look at multiple logs and create a full story from them. Upload multiple logs. (1 minute)

5) Look at the sum of pause times, and look at the timing for throughput. Create a running table on the presentationt to show when GCs did well. (1 minute)

6) Plot the percentiles 99.9 percentile collected through the Cassandra workload for G1, G1+max25, and Shenanodah. Then, also plot the latency sums created during each 1 second period. (1 minute)

7) Explain how the task allowed us to see the GC's affect on latency, if any, for the program, and allowed us to do fine doing for the particular goal. (1 minute)

WE WANT TO OPTIMIZE FOR THE LIMITED LATENCY, SO I CAN INTRODUCE G1 and G1+max 

explain how to tell if gc PAUSE time is affecting throughput and latency 

== 8 minutes and 45 seconds. 

we want to be 7 minutes.







